# Unquill CLI - Log Parsing Made Easy

Unquill CLI is a component of the Unquill project, designed to enhance the Developer Experience (DX) by simplifying the parsing of JSON logs generated by services using the [Quill](https://github.com/rpidanny/quill) logging library. It transforms complex JSON logs into human-readable format, making local debugging a breeze.

## Installation

Install Unquill CLI globally using npm:

```bash
npm install -g @rpidanny/unquill-cli
```

## Usage

`Unquill` is simple to use, and it seamlessly integrates with your existing development environment. Simply invoke it from the command line followed by the command you want to run.

Here's the basic syntax:

```bash
unquill [options] -- [command]
```

### Options

- `-s` (or `--service`): Include the service name in the log output.
- `--jq`: Apply a raw [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/tutorial/) filter to include additional fields in the log.

### Examples Usage

#### Basic Usage

```bash
unquill -- node app.js
```

This command will run `app.js` and display the Quill logs in a user-friendly format without the service name.

#### Include Service Name

```bash
unquill -s -- node app.js
```

Including the `-s` flag will add the service name to the log entries, making it easier to distinguish logs from different services.

#### Include Custom Fields

```bash
unquill --jq ".details.userId" -- node app.js
```

Using the `--jq` option with a [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/tutorial/) filter, you can selectively include specific fields in the log output.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to `Unquill`, please check out the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/rpidanny/unquill) and feel free to submit issues, pull requests, or provide feedback.
